Trivial doc updates (#7)
ni/fast: packages/web-components/fast-element/README.md

[![NI FAST Element NPM version and repo link](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ni/fast-element.svg?label=@ni/fast-element)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ni/fast-element)

> The `fast-element` library is a lightweight means to easily build performant, memory-efficient, standards-compliant Web Components. FAST Elements work in every major browser and can be used in combination with any front-end framework or even without a framework. This `@ni/fast-element` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-element`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/fast-element).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fast-element` library is a lightweight means to easily build performant, memory-efficient, standards-compliant Web Components. FAST Elements work in every major browser and can be used in combination with any front-end framework or even without a framework. This `@ni/fast-element` library is a fork of [`@microsoft/fast-element`](https://github.com/microsoft/fast/tree/archives/fast-element-1/packages/web-components/fast-element).
```
